---
title: Chatrooms to die in (but are chatrooms dead?), 
---
# Chat before you're dead and gone: Die With Me
What makes a community? It's gotta have some urgency and meaning that people share, and a place to share it. Die With Me welcomes you with open arms if you share the source of modern existential angst: a phone with low battery. If your phone has less than 5% battery left, you can open the app and access the chatroom.

It's been a lowkey hit, and [this Verge article features some insight into what Dries Depoorter and David Surprenant ](https://www.theverge.com/2018/1/25/16911278/die-with-me-app-chatroom-ios-low-battery) intended in making it. You should try it — [it's $1 on the App Store](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/die-with-me/id1317265106?mt=8). 

Don't chatrooms seem strange? I wonder if I felt like they were a fruitful medium for connection only when they were simply the only real-time, internet-based commons for a long time. They ask you to cross the uncanny valley in search of anything that you might connect to, but with few markers to guide your way to that connection. The best you can do is give people in it the same reason to come together, and hope for the best.

And even still, you're likely to feel like you're on a bad first date: having run out of things to say about the obvious reasons why you're there, and lacking firmer ground from which you can jump to greater connection, you end up stuck.

At that point, your phone will hopefully die, leaving you to look up at the world around you, and wonder at what you might do with all your new freedom.

# He was a sk8r bot: making @skaaaaaaaate
A long time ago, I started making an interactive twitter bot. It'd be a bit like a choose-your-own-adventure game set at night on bikes in Toronto, where you would tell it where you wanted to go and what you wanted to do, and maybe you'd end up at a cool party, or maybe you'd go to 7-11, or maybe you'd just lay in the park and look at the stars with someone really pretty and cool.

Maybe I'll still make that game! It sounds pretty great. But I shipped something that's a lot smaller, and hopefully more potent in imagery, as a first step. It's [@skaaaaaaaate (that's 8 A's), the bot who's going around and skating sick spots and trying new tricks with its buds](https://twitter.com/skaaaaaaaate). It's a little bit autobiographical, and features a great soundtrack, and should land you back in the era of skateboarding's first great comeback.

Next up: finding the old mini DV videotapes that I'd filmed from that era, splitting them into clips, and finding a way to add them to tweets generated by Cheap Bots Done Quick. Atmosphere is the name of the game here, so please tell me the names of the spots you were skating back then, and the songs your angsty teen self loved the most.

[@skaaaaaaaate Bot](https://twitter.com/skaaaaaaaate) | [Source](https://cheapbotsdonequick.com/source/skaaaaaaaate)

# Prompt: Minimum Viable Community
Die With Me uses the last few minutes of your battery to lend urgency to your connections, then gives you a chatroom to find connection with them. Tinder only lets you talk with people who want to talk with you, and gives you the chance to send cute GIFs to break the ice. Instagram lets you speak to anyone, but only through photos and captions.

What single rule can you define to create a new community? And once you've got that community, how will the people in it communicate?